There is a way of peace,
The way you’ve come to know.
It is the way you learned,
The way of long ago,
The way that Jesus taught you
When his voice you heard.
This is the way of peace,
Found in Jehovah’s Word.
This is the way to life; This is the way.
Don’t look aside; Not for a moment stray!
God’s voice is calling: ‘This is the way;
Do not look back, for yes, this is the way.’
There is a way of love,
No need to look around.
God’s voice has shown the way
He lets himself be found.
His love is full and good;
His love is warm and true.
This is the way of love;
It touches all we do.
This is the way to life; This is the way.
Don’t look aside; Not for a moment stray!
God’s voice is calling: ‘This is the way;
Do not look back, for yes, this is the way.’
There is a way of life,
No need to look behind.
Our God has promised us:
No better way we’ll find,
No higher way to peace,
No finer way to love.
This is the way to life,
Thanks to our God above.
This is the way to life; This is the way.
Don’t look aside; Not for a moment stray!
God’s voice is calling: ‘This is the way;
Do not look back, for yes, this is the way.’